runescape land of adventure land of
courage and of hope and destiny have you
ever wondered how this magnificent world
began it all started when two God's got
into a fierce argument over a very
important subject do you ever wonder
what the hell were doing out here what
do you mean what do you think I mean
we've been floating here for three
billion years you know what I don't like
your attitude well you're fat no you're
fat I'm never gonna talk to you again
fine you can just forget about that
twenty dollars i was gonna lend you fine
I don't need your stupid money fine then
yeah fine God spent billions of years
just noting without speaking a word to
each other until one day
Oh what did you do dude I didn't do
anything man who the hell did this I did
after who are you my name it's good dirt
how did you build this place I don't
know I can't remember what well what
else can you build Sam rockin saradomin
had a great plan they would get guthix
to build for them a paradise day after
day month after month year after year
gothics were built for them but he would
never remember what he built the next
day life was great for the two gods
until one faithful day when everything
changed get yo dude that gothics guy is
an idiot yup he's not the brightest tool
in the shed hey guys hey hey guys yes
what is it guts look look what I can do
what good i'm not saying oh my god you
just created a person you think you
could do that again yeah okay dude be
quiet all right i got an awesome idea
what if we get gothics to build us an
army of slaves so we can just chill for
the rest of our lives yo dude that's an
awesome idea we get them to build like a
castle and stuff they can make us
pancakes that's awesome yo I know man I
was thinking about calling this place
real uber nice epic sweet cool awesome
pwnage epic or runescape for short
runescape I like it from now on this
land will be known as runescape Sam
rockin saradomin plan was coming
together
gun thinks was busy making slaves and
they did nothing it was the perfect plan
that could not fail but she was always
expect the unexpected man life is great
huh yeah it is we have castles we have
our own cities we have slaves and
pancakes and waffles and cheese ease yep
and how did we ever get so lucky you
know so what do you want for dinner
tonight I made some chicken for us no I
don't really like chicken what what do
you mean you don't like chicken I bought
it because I thought you liked it well
sorry to break the news to you but I
don't like chicken too bad i made this
dinner for us and you're gonna like it
you know what I've had enough of this
relationship I'm leaving fine then go
you
after the arguments a Moroccan saradomin
never spoke to each other again they
both had from the public and never seen
after that incident some say Sam rockin
saradomin did great things some even say
they're only fictional characters
created by jagex well now you know the
truth so the next time you see one of
their statues you'll know that it's a
lie oh and as for gothics just remember
always expect the unexpected good
I